[PORTFOLIO](/pages/portfolio) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
[PUBLICATION](/pages/publication) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
[RESOURCES](/pages/resources) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
[UPDATES](/pages/updates) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
[CV](/pages/vohuynhquangnguyen_cv.pdf) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

***

# Ahoy There!
My name is Quang-Nguyen Vo-Huynh, Lucius for short. I am an engineering and science enthusiast with an industrial background in Computer Vision (CV), Artificial Intelligent (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and Deep Learning (DL). 

I am currently pursuing a Ph.D. program in Industrial Engineering and Management at Oklahoma State University (OSU). My research interests are primarily data science, computed intelligence, and computational architecture with a focus on machine-vision-based and data-driven solutions to enable the smart manufacturing of semiconductor devices. I am proficient in <b>Python</b>, statistical analysis with <b>JMP</b>, data retrieval and processing with <b>SQL</b>, and data visualization with <b>Matplotlib</b> and <b>Seaborn</b>. Additionally, I excel in digital image processing with <b>OpenCV</b>, ML/DL model development, and deployment with <b>scikit-learn</b> and <b>TensorFlow</b>. These proficiencies are exemplarily demonstrated by the Data Science projects I have completed as well as the guest lectures I have given in various universities. More details about these projects can be found at my <a href = "/pages/portfolio">portfolio</a>. Feel free to check the <a href = "/pages/resources">resources</a> if you are interested in my guest lectures or tutorials/workshops.

Additionally, I am a contributor for <b>AI Vietnam</b> since June 2021, which is one of the largest Vietnamese communities of AI enthusiasts. The community was co-lead by Dr. <a href = "https://vgu.edu.vn/vi/faculty-of-engineering1?fam=76696E682E6471324056696E682044696E68205175616E67">Vinh Dinh Quang</a> from Vietnamese-German University and Dr. Phuc Nguyen Hong from Eastern International University.

# My Prior Life!
From April 2021 to December 2022, I worked at <b>Intel Products Vietnam</b>, which is an assembly/test manufacturing site belonging to <b>Intel Corp</b> located in Vietnam. My work at <b>Intel Products Vietnam</b> primarily comprised: (1) the development and deployment of automated inspection solutions for downstream processes; (2) mentoring programming and ML methods for aspiring engineers as an associate of both Intel AI and Intel Image Analytics Centers of Excellence. 

Before joining <b>Intel Products Vietnam</b>, I had the blessing to join <b>First Solar Vietnam</b> from November 2020 to April 2021 as an engineering trainee to work on a project in commonality analysis for defects generated by laser scribing processes on thin-film solar panels.

Before working at <b>Intel Products Vietnam</b> and <b>First Solar Vietnam</b>, I received my degree of M.Sc with a master <a href = "https://aaltodoc.aalto.fi/handle/123456789/102461">thesis</a> in ML/DL from Aalto University, Finland in December 2020. At Aalto University, I worked with <a href = "https://research.aalto.fi/en/persons/petri-k%C3%A4rh%C3%A4">Dr. Petri Kärhä</a> and <a href = "https://research.aalto.fi/en/persons/erkki-ikonen">Prof. Erkki Ikonen</a> on developing a measurement setup to determine the differential spectral responsivity of solar cells. We also worked, albeit for a limited time, on an estimation method to include uncertainties of spectral mismatch in solar cell calibration. 


# My Prior prior Life!
Before starting my M.Sc. at Aalto University in Autumn 2018, I went to Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science, Finland where I did my bachelors in Electronics. As an undergraduate student, I did some research in wireless sensor networks under Dr. Matti Fisher (currently retired).

